README.md, before:

# Slack API in Go

[![GoDoc](https://godoc.org/github.com/nlopes/slack?status.png)](https://godoc.org/github.com/nlopes/slack)

## Installing

### *go get*

    $ go get github.com/nlopes/slack

## Example

### Getting all groups

    import (
		"fmt"

		"github.com/nlopes/slack"
	)

    func main() {
		api := slack.New("YOUR_TOKEN_HERE")
		// If you set debugging, it will log all requests to the console
		// Useful when encountering issues
		// api.SetDebug(true)
		groups, err := api.GetGroups(false)
		if err != nil {
			fmt.Printf("%s\n", err)
			return
		}
		for _, group := range groups {
			fmt.Printf("Id: %s, Name: %s\n", group.Id, group.Name)
		}
	}

### Getting User Information

    import (
	    "fmt"

	    "github.com/nlopes/slack"
    )

    func main() {
	    api := slack.New("YOUR_TOKEN_HERE")
	    user, err := api.GetUserInfo("U023BECGF")
	    if err != nil {
		    fmt.Printf("%s\n", err)
		    return
	    }
	    fmt.Printf("Id: %s, Fullname: %s, Email: %s\n", user.Id, user.Profile.RealName, user.Profile.Email)
    }

## Why?
I am currently learning Go and this seemed like a good idea.

## Stability
As with any other piece of software expect bugs. Also, the design isn't finalized yet because I am not happy with how I laid out some things. Especially the websocket stuff. It is functional but very incomplete and buggy.

## Help
Anyone is welcome to contribute. Either open a PR or create an issue.

## License
BSD 2 Clause license

Commit message:

Major changes: Slack => Client, SlackWS => RTM. All events are now pointers (HelloEvent was not a pointer, and LatencyReport not either).
Changed import names to "github.com/abourget/slack", since changes are
quite major.

Keep what's in BaseChannel instead of duplicating in Group/Channel.
Added IsGroup to Channel type.

Updated example to reflect new RTM API.

Added Debugf/Debugln on the Client, respects the "SetDebug" flag.

Got rid of Ping, Keepalive, and HandleIncomingEvents.
Replaced by ManageConnection(), rtm.IncomingEvents, and listening for LatencyReports.
Ping is automatic, each 30 seconds, and will help trigger a reconnect faster.

Reconnections are now handled automatically, and yield events through the
IncomingEvents chan. Added:

* "ConnectedEvent" event (with Info and ConnectionCount)
* "ConnectingEvent" event, with attempt count and connection count.
* "DisconnectedEvent"

Conflicts:
	README.md
	websocket.go

README.md, after:

## Installing

### *go get*

    $ go get github.com/abourget/slack

## Example

### Getting all groups

    import (
		"fmt"

		"github.com/nlopes/slack"
	)

    func main() {
		api := slack.New("YOUR_TOKEN_HERE")
		// If you set debugging, it will log all requests to the console
		// Useful when encountering issues
		// api.SetDebug(true)
		groups, err := api.GetGroups(false)
		if err != nil {
			fmt.Printf("%s\n", err)
			return
		}
		for _, group := range groups {
			fmt.Printf("Id: %s, Name: %s\n", group.Id, group.Name)
		}
	}

### Getting User Information

    import (
	    "fmt"

	    "github.com/nlopes/slack"
    )

    func main() {
	    api := slack.New("YOUR_TOKEN_HERE")
	    user, err := api.GetUserInfo("U023BECGF")
	    if err != nil {
		    fmt.Printf("%s\n", err)
		    return
	    }
	    fmt.Printf("Id: %s, Fullname: %s, Email: %s\n", user.Id, user.Profile.RealName, user.Profile.Email)
    }

## Minimal RTM usage:




## Contributing

You are more than welcome to contribute to this project.  Fork and
make a Pull Request, or create an Issue if you see any problem.

## License

BSD 2 Clause license
